### Infinite Garden ###

(in development)

infinite_garden is a virtual island which visitors can explore in order to experience a refuge away from online noise, and to observe the organic processes encoded in the environmental flora.

##### Environment (asterisk denotes unfinished components)  #####

The landscape is generated with a procedural algorithm which describes the shape of the landmass, its height variations, and the colors of the various regions.

There are static trees populated across the landscape by random assignment.

In addition a Tree of Life sits atop the tallest mountain, overseeing the island.

* Flowers are programmed to behave organically, and contain genetic material which determines their ability to thrive and cross-pollinate.

* As time proceeds, new flowers will germinate, inheriting genetic material from their parents. In this manner, a genetic algorithm can be observed, unfolding in real time.

##### User functions #####

Users must create an account to play the game.

Users can photograph and take notes on the environment. These observations are saved to a journal. Journal entries can be shared with other users, who can comment with further observations.

* Users will be able to collect seedlings from germination events and re-plant them anywhere on the terrain.

* Users will be able to transport plants to different areas.

* Users will be able to add observations to a data analysis tool in order to create models for understanding plant behavior.

##### Future plans (not yet in development) #####

Visitors will have the opportunity to design a plant and place it in the garden.

The garden space will grow to accommodate additional plots using procedural logic.

Users will be able to travel to different islands and experience different natural rules, plant life, and organic behavior.


Link to site repo:
[infinite_garden site](https://github.com/Cashed/inifinite-garden-site)

Link to live site:
[infinite_garden](https://infinite-garden.herokuapp.com/login?returnUrl=%2Fapp%2F)

##### Technologies #####

###### Game ######

The island is created in Unity3D 5.0. The island and its objects (plants) are all generated by script rather than designed in the GUI. This allows for speedy generation, mutation, and adjustment.

###### Site/Server ######

The site is built using AngularJS. User data is stored on a secure server.
